== README

This rails app serves as a web front end for a ruby
conversion program. This app offers a form for Title, 
Author, PID, Recording Equipment, Description, and 
lastly, the file to be converted. 

This app accepts files in TXT and SRT format. It is 
meant to convert both .srt and Cielo24 (.txt) files to 
TEI format (.xml files). If the uploaded file is in 
Cielo24 format, the program first converts it to SRT 
format before converting the new .srt file to a .xml 
file in TEI format.

The Validate button is the only button made available
until the user inputs all necessary fields and uploads 
a .txt or .srt file, otherwise it will deliver error 
messages each time it is pressed. 

Once validation passes, the convert button shows up,
and pressing this will convert the uploaded file and
cause the browser to download the new TEI formatted 
.xml file. After pressing the convert button, it will 
be replaced with a Convert Again button. Pressing this 
will reset the form and cause the validation button to 
replace the convert now button.

Every time a conversion is successfully completed, the 
data filled in by the user is stored in the database. 

Relevant App Files:
	app/models/conversion.rb
	app/views/conversions/new.html.erb
	app/controllers/conversions_controller
	app/assets/stylesheets/custom.css.scss


Conversion Scripts:
	convert_srt_to_tei.rb
	preprocess_srt.rb
	process_dir.rb
	template.rb

Permanent Files Used in Conversion Process:
	defaultcielo.txt
	defaultsrt.srt
	defaultxml.xml
